Beginning Scene - At Fort Raio
Elias and Cidor arrive at fort raio. Elias stays to begin to mount a defense, while Cidor leaves to his manse to retrieve the bow.


Cidor: What a mess this all is.

Elias: An unfortunate developement, but one we have to work with none the less.

Cidor: You should've cut them down while you had the chance, they were exhausted and in tatters. 
	We both know you could have single handedly cleaned up those beaten pups.

Elias: Perhaps, but I couldn't have done that and kept you safe at the same time. Who would remain to rule Decia? 
	This country has suffered much already,	if it were to lose all of it's leaders it would end up as a pile of rubble. 
	A result that benefits absolutely no-one.

Cidor: ...
	
Elias: Pray tell me duke, how do you currently fare in the face of this setback.

Cidor: The situation... isn't looking good right now. Much of my forces were decimated during the fight for castle Freyese. 
	Even your knights that arrived before you were no match. Additionally, it's become more and more difficult to keep my 
	subjects in line. It'll only become more difficult if the rebellion continues to gain momentum.

Elias: ...I see.

Elias: I've studdied the geography of Decia. Castle Selese isn't too far from castle Freyese. Fortunately for us, a mountain range divides much of Selese and Freyese. 
	The most direct path, the ones the rebels would have to take, would be Raio Pass.

Cidor: You'd like to try and halt their advance at the pass? 

Elias: Exactly. The terrain would favor my troops particularly well. They wouldn't be getting through any time soon.

Cidor: That would certainly give us time to prepare, but it would do so too for the rebellion and, more concerningly, Freyese as well.

Elias: Even if we couldn't defeat them outright, we could stall them long enough to gather more of our forces from Cythes.
	Maybe we could even get the Cythean army proper.

Cidor: That would certainly be welcome.

Cidor: I'll leave the fortifications of our defenses to you general. I'll return to my manse for a moment, there's something I have to do.

Elias: Oh? Is that right? The fighting begins to turn away from your favor and you just so happen to want to leave the scene?
	Why, it almost sounds like you're running away.
	
Cidor: What. Is this some kind of joke? Do you have any idea how much I've sacrificed to aid the cause? 
	And yet you have the gall to accuse me of cowardice?!

Elias: You'll have to forgive my suspicions, I don't think it's unreasonable to apply a healthy amount of skepticism towards someone
	who I am not familar with. One who has sold out his people to save his own hide.

Cidor: How dare you! 

Elias: Tell me truthfully duke; are you planning to flee?

Cidor: No, of course not! I was planning on returning to my manse to retreive a relic that one of your dogs happened upon, one she wanted passed to you.

Elias: A... relic you say? This is the first I'm hearing of this. 

Elias: I haven't had the chance to speak with Hege in some time, where is she right now?

Cidor: She unfortunately fell fighting the rebels. 

Elias: ...I see. What a shame, she was such a promising associate, one with so much potential.
	 My apologies, I shouldn't have jumped to conclusions as so. You have my blessing to take your leave.

Cidor: I don't need you permission to go as I please in my homeland.

Elias: Remember where you stand Cidor. Remember where we all stand; what we all have to lose.

Cidor: ...